Rongzhi, I admit that this time it was a euphemism that was wrong
I also recognize that you broke off the engagement with him
But you shouldn't have sent him abroad.
And you shouldn't have just broken the engagement
Bring this woman into the house
Is that so?
I brought Tiantian back today.
Just to announce something
get married
I have discussed it with grandpa.
The wedding will be held after the Spring Festival
Why didn't you tell me the purpose?
purpose
Why are you so eager to take the day before yesterday?
Marry into the door
Are you going to hack dinner and me to death?
Ah, and the family rules of Rong marriage
Should be the first filial piety three daughters
Can't get married
If you get pregnant every day
Maybe.
end
When did you recover?
Maybe it's because Tiantian came back and I'm in a good mood.
So the body recovers faster?
You should let me quit gradually
And I'm going abroad 10,000 times
Why don't you let me see
Don't worry.
I will arrange for the food, clothing, housing and transportation of the late resignation
Potato, I think it's good for him not to let him see you
Humph
If the euphemism can't be someone else's business
Others rest
The girl who does artificial archery is him
Yes, that's him. That's him.
This girl is beautiful
You can recognize it at a glance
So many girls, why is it him?
Do you know
You ruined an innocent and good girl
He's the only virgin in the ability side of the inspection
And the girl who originally had the surgery
Suddenly disappeared
I think he's rather dehydrated
He has been desperately raising money to treat his brother's illness
I was thinking.
If the surgery is successful
He's sure to get a lot of money
This thing
Can't tell anyone
Especially me
I only dare to say this half word
I will definitely make you disappear from this world
Why is it Joanne?
from now on
I will definitely give you Jon
No one can take it away